["(Open Up The Door)
Let The Good Times In" playing]
Guys, that is a packing job,
if I ever saw one.
Bravo. I love that stuff.
-♪ Toes out of my shoes... ♪
-Um...
Yeah, no, not that.
That's 10:00. Ten o'clock.
Ten o'clock, please? Please.
Okay, good, boys.
This is great,
but I need them moved to the truck.
Good.
Yeah, what's shaking, boys? Keep it going.
Thank you. Thank you. Good job.
Come on.
Okay, let's get these crates sealed.
Last truck is rolling in 20, chop-chop.
Patented plants.
What a concept.
What's next, Bobby, copyrighting clouds?
You'd find a way
to turn a profit on those too.
-You bet your ass I would.
-[both laugh]
[loud thud]
What the hell?
[officer 1] FBI!
Get on the ground!
[officer 2] Don't move.
[officer 3] Federal agents!
Raymond, we got trouble.
Raymond, I am not surprised
you didn't anticipate the raid.
You've been distracted.
Looking for the person responsible for
Elizabeth's death is hardly a distraction.
No. It's a waste of time.
Not if I find them.
Even if there was someone, which I doubt,
finding them
will not bring Elizabeth back.
It only delays you healing.
Or house-hunting.
Heddie may be just another cog
in the machine of my organization,
but she's a fragile and unpredictable cog.
She won't last long behind bars.
You need to get her out.
I'll do my best, mon capitaine.
Though perhaps you might have
more luck talking to your task force pals.
What else are FBI friends for?
Investigating the Seer.
-You mean on the Blacklist?
-Yes.
It's brilliant.
-[Cooper] Absolutely not.
-Come on, Harold.
Hedwig was caught
with over a million dollars' worth
-of pirated soybean seeds.
-Pirated?
Heddie was just selling seeds
to farmers at a price.
If my associate is guilty of anything,
it's simply trying
to ease the economic strain
on the hardworking men and women
who put the tofu in your turkey,
the cotton in your shirt,
the beans in your coffee.
Everything it means to be human.
But our agreement is with you,
not your employees.
If she talks, it will be damaging.
How much is hard to tell.
But it would certainly have repercussions
for me and for this task force.
We have a deal with you. The rest
of the Justice Department doesn't.
I can't just pick up the phone
and get her out.
I can only hope that reciprocal generosity
is a concept that
one day will have meaning for you.
Until that day,
have you ever heard of Arcane Wireless?
Sounds like a phone company.
With a black market operating system
that cannot be tapped
or traced by law enforcement.
A couple of thousand beta phones
have been sold to date,
but word is the company
is about to go wide.
That's cause for alarm.
One of the FBI's most powerful tools,
other than me,
is the federal wiretap warrant.
Last year, those warrants resulted
in nearly 7000 arrests.
Imagine all of those criminals,
all of that evidence,
well outside of your reach.
That's what will happen
if you don't stop Arcane Wireless.
Juan Miguel Rojas,
enforcer for the Castillo Cartel.
This image was captured
from a bank in El Paso
minutes after
he murdered an informer's family.
Richard Slade,
military-grade weapons trafficker.
Clients range from
Boogaloo Bois to the Taliban.
And Clyde MacFarlane leads
the Mount Porte Motorcycle Club.
Though they started out
and are still based in West Virginia,
they now handle a large portion
of the methamphetamine trade
from the Great Lakes
all the way down to the Gulf Coast.
But it's nothing new
that criminals use cell phones.
Arcane Wireless isn't a public company.
It's underground, invite-only,
and those invites go
to the worst of the worst.
The service is like
an electronic cone of silence.
It's working.
Arcane's clients have been avoiding arrest
since they started using the phones.
Reddington says these phones
are about to flood the market?
He does, which means we're on a clock.
And all we have to go on
is the moniker of the man in charge.
According to Reddington,
he's known as the Seer.
-You the Seer?
-Where's your boss?
You want his business,
you play by his rules.
[Ressler] If these phones
are interfering with investigations,
maybe the Bureau has open case files.
I can reach out to a contact
at Information Security who'd know.
-Who is it?
-FJ Powell.
He actually was my mentor
who taught me everything I know,
including that
I could never be as good as him.
This should be fun.
-[door buzzes]
-[guard] Step through.
-[metal detector whirring]
-[shouts]
Trying to make me lose
what little hearing I have left?
Can I see my client now,
or you wanna do a full cavity search too?
Hey.
Marvin, thank Christ.
Heddie.
Heddie?
Raymond?
First, how are you?
Were you hurt in the raid?
No, I'm fine.
But where'd those fed bastards come from?
You let me worry about that.
Until we sort this out, you just luxuriate
in your right to remain silent.
Of course. Anything for you.
So how long before I'm sprung?
I need to warn you that
this is bigger than a few soybeans.
They're planning on throwing
the whole book at you.
Racketeering, conspiracy,
aiding and abetting a fugitive.
Yeah, you say that like it matters.
We have a 52-card deck of aces
up our sleeve. Right, Ray-Ray?
[Marvin] No, not this time.
Wait, no? But I have macaws.
-Macaws?
-Not to worry.
I've got a very sweet guy
to watch your birds.
How long? They can live to be 60,
and Mango needs ointment
for her beak disease,
and Princess is more demanding
than an opera singer
with allergies on opening night.
-I need to be there for them.
-Heddie, just relax. Take a breath.
Marvin smuggled an earwig
into a federal facility
so that you could hear my voice
telling you, we will take care of this.
You have nothing to worry about.
So sit tight and stay strong.
Okay. I'm okay.
I trust my associates
treated you respectfully.
In my line of work, one has
to take certain security precautions.
That's funny?
What's funny is that you think blindfolds
and driving around in circles
equals security.
Your phone.
Yeah, well, location services are off.
You'd think that'd be sufficient,
but people can't resist
using their phones for things like... Aha.
Jalapeño poppers on Grubhub.
Thanks to your late-night cravings,
every 30 seconds,
his phone is sending out a ping
to see if he's in a Grubhub service area.
Any law enforcement officer with cause can
walk right through that door right now.
"Grub what you love."
That's one liability down.
I can get rid of all of them
and replace them
with phones that
can't be hacked or tracked.
-I want to see them in action.
-I'll schedule a demonstration.
Bring any expert.
I've never had an unhappy client.
Minor players, no doubt.
I do business on four continents.
You traffic on four continents.
Women, children.
You're a troubled person
who does terrible things,
and one day you'll be caught, unless...
you're invisible.
If your product is as good
as you say, I'll be buying thousands.
Four continents? Odin...
I'm about to give you
the whole damn planet.
-What?
-Hello.
I, um...
I was going... Well, your door...
Still a fumferer.
-A what?
-I hate fumfering.
And yet you cause so much of it,
sir-- Agent Powell.
Um, hello, FJ.
You had promise.
Why did you waste it?
I didn't know I had.
The private sector, tech.
I thought you'd be in it by now.
Oh, yeah, tech. I tried that. Didn't take.
But now I'm on a federal task force
looking into Arcane Wireless.
Have you heard of it?
Oh, if I had,
why should I tell you about it?
Actually, because after
a few conversations between my boss
and your boss' boss' boss,
you've been ordered to.
You outrank me, don't you?
Only if you mean,
you know, hierarchically.
But in any kind of meta way,
you are this, like, alpha beast,
and I am not.
Law enforcement has run into
a handful of these over the past year.
Yesterday, highway patrol in West Virginia
stumbled onto a biker running drug money.
-He had this, fresh off the factory floor.
-It's been bricked?
This network is not connected
to anything we've seen.
It's totally impenetrable.
Even when we get our hands on a phone,
they're able
to wipe all the data remotely.
I'll call this in. My task force
will want to interview the biker.
In the meantime,
mind if I stay and take this phone apart?
I'll get back to you on that.
As soon as
I check with my boss' boss' boss.
Technically, it's that boss' boss,
if you wanna be hierarchical,
which I don't.
But if you did, then that boss' boss.
How was my client supposed to know
that she was buying
the asexual clones of a protected legume?
It's not like
the beans were stamped with a logo.
And I happen to know that
seed patents are hell to prosecute.
First you gotta prove disclosure,
then test the specimens,
define the content.
Who needs it?
I'll tell you what we can do.
In exchange for reduced charges,
my client will testify against the company
that sold her that spurious product.
Are you done?
Tell him you can keep going all day,
all night, all year, for eternity.
[Marvin] That's it for this angle.
But I got plenty of others.
I'll keep going until we make a deal.
The state only has one deal to offer.
Ah. Here it comes.
Immediate release,
a new name, a new life, a fresh start.
In exchange for?
Everything she knows
about Reddington and his activities.
Full cooperation.
We want names, we want dates.
We want every possible detail.
Okay. Done.
-Done?
-[Marvin] Done.
-[Raymond] Marvin, really?
-[man] She'll flip on Reddington?
Of course not.
Look. We can protect you
against your employer.
What we can't protect you against
is his rather colorful lawyer.
Mr. Gerard may say he's representing you,
but we know he's here
to look out for his real client.
And that's the Raymond person?
Who's that again? I'm...
-That's my girl.
-Twenty years. Minimum.
Twenty years in prison,
rubbing elbows with killers.
That's what you're looking at.
Is that how you wanna grow old?
Well... what about that guy
from the prison film with Burt Lancaster?
The one with the birds.
Do they let you keep birds?
Macaws, specifically. I have two.
[Aram] Okay.
So, whoever developed this is a genius.
Not that I'm a genius,
but I found the log directory.
And it recorded a time stamp
every time a call was connected.
But what's weird is
every time that happened,
the phone sent
an outgoing data packet to a server farm.
-Do you have a final destination?
-No.
In other words, you might've found
something if we can trace the server.
And if we can,
if the server pings us back,
and if it does, whether it pings us
where the messages have been sent.
Okay, but imagine how great
it'll be if all those ifs all happen.
I'll start running a trace.
-What's that?
-Greylock?
It's a tech company
with a security platform.
No, yeah, that I know.
-But why are you looking at it?
-None of your business.
No, of course it's not.
Normally, it wouldn't be, I know that--
Spit it out or swallow it.
But for God's sakes, stop fumfering.
It's my company.
-Yours?
-Yeah, it is.
Or it was.
It's not now...
but I created it.
You're the CTO who left.
How do you know that?
I'm applying to be the CTO.
-You're applying for my job?
-Yes, the job you left.
Before you were vested.
I was vested.
I chose to make a clean break.
What makes you think that I...?
Are they offering you ownership shares?
[computer beeps]
Uh, the trace is a dead end.
Proxies all the way down.
They haven't offered me anything yet.
I'm in the application stage.
But the offer includes ownership shares,
shares that I gave up.
We should keep looking in the directories,
see what other information we can find.
[Ressler]
Mount Porte Motorcycle Club, huh?
It looks like
you got pulled over driving a truck
carrying $2 million worth of drug money
all because of a broken taillight.
-Got nothing to say about money.
-We don't care about the money.
-We're here about your phone.
-My phone?
You brought me here
to offer me an upgrade?
Clyde MacFarlane, president of your club.
The phone he's using is the same model
you had when you were arrested.
-Where did you get it?
-I don't know.
Walmart?
Look, we need a name,
or we put out the word
that you're a snitch
and that the 2 million wasn't confiscated,
but handed over
as part of our arrangement.
-We don't have an arrangement.
-[Ressler] We will if you don't cooperate.
Riggs.
-Riggs who?
-[Randy] I don't know his first name.
He's part of the club.
He ran the whole thing.
Gave us phones, made us toss our old ones.
-Where do we find Riggs?
-He's always in the same place.
Far end of the bar
at Kelly's in Randolph County.
[country music playing over speakers]
-I'll get you another one, Riggs.
-Thank you, sugar.
That smells good.
I'll have a plate of what he's having.
Take your time coming back with it.
What are you doing?
One of your boys was arrested
carrying one of my phones.
So? They're untraceable.
Thought that was the big sell.
They are. I'm not.
Arcane is about to go wide,
and I can't have the FBI sniffing around.
Not now.
Your head ain't right if you think
I'd tell a fed the time of day.
Unfortunately for you,
I'm not willing to take that chance.
On second thought,
I should've asked for this to go.
Excuse me.
Agents Ressler and Zuma, FBI.
-We're looking for a man named Riggs.
-You and me both.
One minute, he's ordering his usual,
and the next, he has taken off
without saying goodbye.
And now that I see the two of you,
I know I was right.
How did she seem in person?
She's trying to act tough,
but it's not a performance
that's gonna win any Tonys.
Heddie's got a big heart,
and it's in the right place,
but if they send her upstate to eat
franks and beans with the tough gals,
it's anyone's guess how she's gonna react.
In that case, we got a serious problem.
On my way out, I got wind
that the U.S. Attorney's Office
has petitioned the court
to find Heddie alternate counsel.
Why? She has you.
Yeah, you also have me.
You pay me, and they know that.
Despite my protestations otherwise,
they're citing conflict of interest.
They're cutting in to talk
to her in private, lean on her.
Lean on her hard enough,
she'll fold faster than a lawn chair.
Heddie might surprise us.
She exhibits a certain can-do attitude.
She knows enough to make it hurt.
If she rolls on you to that lawyer,
they will whisk her straight
into hiding in never-never land.
Next time you see her,
she will be sitting in a witness box,
testifying against you in a federal court.
Who do we know in the Eastern District?
Judge Smathers.
Get Heddie's case
transferred to his docket.
Line some pockets, get it done.
-Who's this?
-This is Itzhak.
Fifteen years
in digital analysis for the Mossad.
He's here for your demonstration.
I won't be placing an order
without his sign-off.
I am told that
you make a phone that is untraceable.
A skeptic. Good.
[operator] 911, what's your emergency?
It's not my emergency
you should worry about.
Do you know what atrocities
we're committing abroad,
originating from this very city?
You don't. You don't care. You're asleep.
I'm about to wake everyone up.
-Sir, can I have your name?
-I planted an IED in the Metro.
-What are you doing?
-[Seer] There are 40 stations.
You won't have time to find it
before it goes off with enough force
to take out a block
and who knows how many innocents.
You sound upset. Can we--?
The instant I cried "bomb," she pressed
a button alerting her superior.
They're attempting to triangulate
my location using cell towers.
Itzhak, if you'd set a 60-minute timer.
If their trace is successful,
within the hour, agents will
break down that door and arrest us.
None of which will happen
because I called on one of my phones.
-If you're wrong?
-But I'm not wrong.
Which is why I brought a deck of cards.
We've got an hour to kill.
What's your game, Hold 'Em, Hearts, Gin?
You called in a bomb threat.
You wanna play a game of cards?
That means I'm playing Solitaire.
[Park] You stole the phone.
No. I took it without permission.
[Park] From your mentor.
He stole my job, I stole his phone.
He didn't.
He's applying for the job you quit.
Do you know how much
Greylock raised in Series A financing?
$19 million.
You know what
my share of that would have been?
-4.75 million.
-Which is why you stole the phone.
Okay. First, no, it's not his phone.
And second, yes, that's exactly why.
Your mentor wants the job you left.
That should be rewarding.
You know
what would be rewarding? 4.75 million.
There's nobility in poverty.
-We know who the Seer is.
-We got a link to footage of Kelly's.
A dive bar
gave you access to their cameras?
The wellness center across the street did.
That's why Riggs wasn't at the bar.
The Seer got to him first.
Our Seer is William Meyers, 46,
a fallen software engineer
convicted of bilking the tech company
he founded out of $2 million.
On his release, he hooked up
with Lyon Crime Syndicate.
Guess he was looking for cash,
and Alonso Lyon wanted
his communication systems updated.
Someone from the crime syndicate
took out someone loyal
to the Mount Porte Club?
That won't end well.
I tried pulling a BOLO,
seems the Bureau issued one
on Meyers three years ago.
He's almost as elusive as Reddington.
It's a good thing we work with Raymond.
He's done business with Lyon.
Maybe he can broker a meeting.
Call him.
Morning.
-Who are you?
-Kamina Gilford. I'm a defense attorney.
I already have one of those.
The court has appointed me
to meet with you
because an allegation has been made
that you're represented
by Reddington's attorney.
The court's intent is to assure
any decisions you make are yours,
not influenced by a lawyer
who represents your boss.
A crime boss.
That's a lot of words.
Words have power.
Your words have the power to save you.
You want me to snitch.
Can you tell me
you wanna spend 20 years in prison,
if you're lucky, to protect a man
who kills without conscience?
The evidence against you is airtight.
And I can say as a trial lawyer,
if I had to defend you on these facts,
I'd lose.
-Does Marvin know you're here?
-No.
And if you accept
the state's offer of witness protection,
he won't be advised this is happening
until you are safely
in protective custody.
Your birds too.
U.S. Marshals are standing by right now.
Let's be clear, Heddie.
This is your one opportunity
not to die in jail.
The U.S. attorney has extended this offer.
It's open for one hour.
You need to decide now.
[timer beeping]
[man on TV] We're getting more information
on a bomb threat
that's prompted evacuations
of several office buildings downtown...
There's something inexplicably rewarding
about winning at Solitaire.
You're not beating anyone
and yet it's really quite satisfying.
How about you? You satisfied yet?
I'm intrigued.
[Seer] Only intrigued?
You just witnessed
an incredible demonstration.
[Itzhak] It's one thing to be untraceable.
It's a whole other thing
to be intercepted,
hacked and decrypted.
Itzhak pioneered hacking techniques
for the Mossad
that would make your head spin.
I'll be calling from 771-555-0136.
The operating system
on both phones is chainOS secure.
What else do you need? Serial numbers?
Storage capacity?
Couldn't be closer than you are right now.
You know, I'm always looking for talent.
I might have a place for you.
If you can penetrate this call.
Hmm.
This is unusual.
[Odin] The encryption?
No. I can't even get that far.
The phone is plugged
directly into my system
and I can't even register
a call in progress.
I've never seen anything like this.
[Seer] Satisfied now?
With my technology in your pocket,
you'll dominate
the global market in trafficking.
You've made a believer of me.
I'll buy every phone you have.
Smart man.
Now no one in law enforcement
can touch you.
[door opens]
Ah. Alonso.
Thank you for coming on such short notice.
Better be important.
You just pulled me
from my daughter's dressage competition.
I wanted to know what $30,000
in horse lessons bought me.
I'll explain everything.
Where's Reddington?
[Raymond laughs]
Here's our other guest now.
Alonso Lyon,
may I introduce you to Clyde MacFarlane,
president
of the Mount Porte Motorcycle Club.
You got some nerve
to summon me, I don't care who you are.
Why am I here?
I'd like to know as well.
[Raymond] You know what I love?
A good documentary.
Look at that.
One of your men
being taken by your men.
Son of a bitch. You took out Riggs?
I didn't. How do you even know he's dead?
He got walked out of his local bar
by a couple of creeps.
His ex-wife's hysterical.
He missed his son's first hockey game.
He's never missed a day
dropping by the clubhouse in three years.
Except yesterday and today.
Tell me he's not gonna show up in a ditch.
Whatever happened
didn't happen on my orders.
I believe that's the Seer.
The Seer is in your employ.
Seer? Is that the phone guy?
He worked with me, yeah.
I let him branch out
for a piece of the action.
Providing a valuable service.
Apparently to both of you.
The question is, is it valuable enough
to turn the other cheek?
-Not to me.
-I got nothing to do with this.
And yet there's your former tech guru
in living color.
Rumor has it he redesigned
your syndicate's entire security system,
communications, surveillance.
Transported you into the 21st century.
Why are you stirring up trouble?
My goal is the opposite.
Conflict mediation.
Gang wars are bad
for all of our businesses.
Please, let's sort this out.
There's nothing to sort.
Except which of his people
I kill to make us even.
An eye for an eye
leaves the whole world blind.
Riggs was a full member.
That means something.
Someone's got to pay.
An understandable sentiment.
From my vantage point,
the Seer caused the problem.
Perhaps he's the solution.
I'm not gonna sign off
on the death of a friend.
I've had
to part company with people myself.
I'm sure we all have.
Peace and prosperity for all
is sometimes more important
than one particular person.
Alonso?
Let me hear it from him.
Then I'll do what needs to be done.
You'll just hide him.
I don't want him disappeared.
I want him dead.
[Raymond] When the time comes,
I'll handle the job.
Does that work for both of you?
All right.
[Aram] Hardware told us nothing.
Did you check his trace?
-Why?
-The same reason you stole the phone.
Don't say it was out of spite
because he's applying for your old job.
It was out of spite
because he's applying for my old job.
It was also
so you could check on his work,
because you know
you're as good as FJ, if not better.
You know he might've missed something
that you might catch.
The trace was a nonstarter.
Too many dummy servers
to identify the end.
So he says.
I'll run the trace again.
It won't lead anywhere.
While you're at it,
call Nick, recommend FJ.
It's the nice thing to do
and you're a nice guy.
I suppose you think that's a compliment.
And that it is not
FJ's fault that I took a vow of poverty.
And that
if anyone else deserves the job, he does.
That's exactly what I think.
And despite how you feel,
-I know it's what you think.
-You're right.
-[Park] You'll make the call?
-Absolutely not.
You're not right about how I feel.
You're absolutely wrong.
What you're right about
is my running the trace.
Checking his work. Look.
Data packets are being sent
directly to an end server.
FJ Powell is the father
of modern forensic InfoSec.
He could've found this in his sleep.
-Then why didn't he?
-That's the thing. I think he did.
[door opens]
Ah. Ms. Gilford.
I've been waiting with bated breath.
What tune did our songbird sing?
A song of silence.
-Ah.
-[Marvin] Really?
I've never seen anything like it.
Twenty years in hell and she's willing
to serve them all for you.
The loyalty you inspire in your people.
Or is it fear?
That's entirely case-dependent.
In Heddie's case, it's loyalty.
She has the heart of a basset hound.
I'm glad she passed the test.
[Kamina] What if she failed?
Never told me the contingency plan.
No need for unpleasant what-ifs today.
The fact is Heddie stands tall.
Thank you for your time.
Give my regards to Judge Smathers.
And I hope
your new bungalow on Sint Maarten
is everything you've always dreamed of.
Best afternoon's work I've ever done.
I would agree.
The gentleman who brought you here
is waiting
to take you wherever you'd like.
Thank you.
Heddie has a rough road ahead.
I'll make some calls.
See that she gets the best bunk.
Limitless commissary account.
That won't be necessary, Marvin.
I'd say Heddie's
earned her freedom, wouldn't you?
I know you're good,
but the woman's in a federal holding cell.
What, are you planning
on staging a breakout?
In a manner of speaking, yes.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello, Alonso.
You killed a full member
of the Mount Porte Motorcycle Club?
What were you thinking?
The FBI was on its way
to question him about Arcane.
You should have come to me.
I don't work for you.
Only because I allowed you to go.
You operate under my protection.
Don't forget.
I introduced you to many of your clients.
Nobody even knew
who you were two years ago.
I think sharing half my profits
expresses the appropriate
amount of appreciation.
Profits that might have disappeared
if the FBI got Riggs.
You crossed a line.
I'm staring down a war
with a dangerous enemy.
We need to fix this.
When and where can we meet to discuss?
I'm on my way to close a deal.
Rock Creek Park in 45 minutes.
We can talk after.
I'll be there.
Make it as quick as possible.
Don't let him suffer.
He won't feel a thing.
[cell phone chiming]
-Cooper.
-Harold.
I have a time and place.
What am I missing?
Manners?
You always said
it wasn't enough to see only the code.
To be great,
you need to see the big picture.
I can't see it.
Or I don't want to.
Because the only big picture I see
is that you're a traitor.
A convenient accusation
as even uttering it might prevent me
from getting your old job.
That has nothing to do with this.
But you don't want me to get it, do you?
What I want is for you to tell me,
why didn't you run the trace?
Is that what you want,
or is that an order?
Both. If you don't believe me,
call the boss.
I don't need to.
I know what she would say.
So do I.
That I should arrest you.
Actually, she would curse
your infernal meddling
and then grant me permission
to read you in
hoping to prevent you
from causing any lasting damage.
The only thing I'm trying to damage
is the Arcane Network.
And by doing that, you damage the country.
You think I'm a traitor.
But if you saw the big picture...
you'd see that I'm a patriot.
Yes. I've been protecting
the Arcane Network.
Because I created it.
Got eyes on the target. Perimeter secure.
Standby. Let's see who he's meeting first.
Who's the unsub?
Odin Interdonato.
Head of a human trafficking operation.
The largest trafficking operation
in the country.
He's destroyed thousands of lives.
If he starts using the Seer's phone,
his operation goes invisible.
We move in now, we take them both down.
You're all clear. Do it.
Go.
[dramatic music playing]
Sir. Shut it down.
It's the FBI.
-What's the FBI?
-The Seer. Arcane Wireless.
It's all an op.
The Seer, he's a deep cover agent.
He's one of us.
-Agent Ressler. Agent Zuma. Pull back.
-[Ressler] Negative. Target is engaging.
Get on the ground! Get on the ground!
-Hands!
-Don't move.
You have no idea what you just did.
Save it for the judge.
We had one chance.
One. And you ruined it.
Interdonato is dead.
You had no authority
to move in on my operation.
You were making a deal
with a human trafficker.
You think I was making a deal?
Give me one of my phones.
See if I can spell this out
for the nosebleed seats.
Criminals make a call.
Totally encrypted,
not identifiable by any traditional method
of forensic wiretapping.
-It was keeping arrests down.
-[Seer] For now.
Short-term concession for long-term gain.
What our clients didn't know
is that every one of their conversations
was recorded
and sent back to our server farm.
I wasn't aiding Odin Interdonato.
I was bugging him.
I had convinced him to use our phones
exclusively to run his operations.
Thousands of criminals around the world.
Know how much work went into this?
Millions of dollars in R&D.
I spent years developing
my criminal bonafides
and you rush in like John Wayne's cavalry
after two days of recon
and shoot up the place.
What about Riggs?
You killed him to protect your cover.
Killed? No.
FJ heard you were nosing around.
I arrested Riggs before you could get him.
He's in a safe house. We were done anyway.
We'd gotten intel on their shipment
so we busted the lights on their truck.
Gave Highway Patrol
reason to pull them over.
DA was taking it over from there.
Why didn't someone
notify us to stand down?
We would have if FJ could have determined
who Agent Mojtabai worked for.
But apparently that's a well-kept secret.
I am sorry.
For what?
Saying sorry is meaningless
unless you say what you're sorry for.
It's a pretty long list.
I'm sorry for messing up the op.
The phones you created,
they are incredible.
I honestly don't know how you did it.
They could have been used
for so much good.
I'm sorry that we messed that up.
You should be sorry about that.
Anything else?
Sorry I thought you were a traitor?
Yeah, that's two things.
What else?
Resenting you
for wanting to take my old job.
And?
There's more.
What...?
I don't know. My very existence?
Hmm.
You don't owe me another apology.
But you do owe one to yourself.
You are a smart young man
with a bright future.
What I created at the Arcane Network
is no more impressive
than what you created at Greylock.
I've been asked
to join dozens of startups.
Each more pedestrian than the next.
But what you created here...
it's inspired.
Which makes me think
that what you're doing here
is also inspired.
Or you wouldn't be here and not there.
So...
forgive yourself
for the choices that you have made.
As far as I can tell,
my friend...
they're the right ones.
[Seer] The sky was the limit.
Odin was our latest prize,
but we had our eyes fixed
on an even bigger fish.
Number one on the Most Wanted list.
Raymond Reddington.
You were targeting him.
We'd slipped a few phones into his ranks.
Taking him down
was one of the main priorities
of the wide release.
We'll never know
what we could've accomplished.
[Cooper]
This was all about protecting you.
Guess you've spoken with the Seer.
Yeah. It became abundantly clear
this was about saving your ass.
We're each looking out for own interests,
operating according to our own principles.
When those interests align, so be it.
Today they didn't.
That task force was conducting
a years-long surveillance operation.
And look how well it worked out.
Odin Interdonato is dead.
And ongoing intel gathered
by whatever's left of the Arcane Network
will lead to the arrests
of Alonso Lyon and Clyde MacFarlane
and who knows how many more.
A vacuum you'll have no trouble filling.
Not interested.
I've got other fish to fry.
Hey. I do not appreciate you making
an end-run around my representation.
Excuse us.
People have the right
to an attorney, not a mouthpiece.
-I tried to get her one.
-Yeah?
An attorney who will get Heddie
to do what you want.
It doesn't really matter, does it?
Reddington got his way. You're a disgrace.
Am I?
How do you figure?
Ms. Hawkins turned down the deal.
For the next 20 years,
every time you see your boss' face,
I hope you think about that misguided,
manipulated woman rotting in prison.
Yeah. Uh...
No.
That is not gonna happen.
-You're not gonna think of her?
-No. She's not going to prison.
What do you know
about the Arcane Wireless Network?
Nothing?
Well, tell your superiors all it will take
are a few well-placed phone calls
to spread the word
to every drug runner, gangster, and conman
who are still
in possession of an Arcane phone
that they are bugged
by the very same people
that they are supposed to be invisible to.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I do know this isn't a negotiation.
No, it isn't.
Not between the two of us.
The next time you hear about this,
it will come from someone high up.
And when that happens,
let me tell you something,
the only way that you are going to stop
a mountain of failed hopes and dreams
from coming tumbling down on you
is gonna be when you set my client free.
Got that?
Hey, Chloe.
Yeah, I heard.
Nineteen million.
Yeah, that's great. That's great news.
Come to the celebration?
No.
I don't know.
In Tahiti?
On a private jet? Oh.
No, I'm good.
Yeah, no, I'm positive.
Listen. Um--
Is Nick still around?
No. No, that's okay. Just, um...
Just tell him I sent over a résumé
for someone to take my old job.
Yeah, he's gonna wanna hire this guy.
He's awesome.
[Heddie] My hero.
Heddie.
Come in, my dear.
Thank you.
Oh. No. Thank you.
Please. Have a seat.
Thank you for getting me out. I...
I am so sorry.
It was the phones, Heddie, not you.
So how do you know
they won't be a problem going forward?
It's been taken care of.
You should know
that I was approached by a lawyer.
Bloodsucker wanted me to turn on you.
Yes, I know.
Ms. Gilford is my bloodsucker,
along with the judge
who assigned her to your case.
Wait, you sent her in
to see if I was loyal to you?
Kind of like a test?
A pass or die test?
I'm sorry, Heddie.
Tests have always made my nerves whacky.
They're the reason
I dropped out of high school.
I barely passed the GEDs.
And the CPA?
I spent more time in the bathroom
than I did on the worksheets.
If I had known
that you were giving me a test,
I probably would have flunked.
But instead--
You passed with flying colors.
I'd offer you
an alcoholic beverage to celebrate,
but I seem to recall
you have a taste for--
Yerba mate?
Did I show you the ritual
when you were last here?
-No.
-It's one meant to be shared with friends.
A gourd.
The leaves.
[theme music playing]